---
title: Attendee News
date: October 10, 2012
---

## MonkeySpace 2012 is only 7 days away!
MonkeySpace is approaching fast and we want to make sure you have the latest information to make your time at the conference the best it can be. First, we would like to thank each and every one of you for registering for MonkeySpace. We look forward in meeting you next week! If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to [ask](mailto:monkeyspace@monkeysquare.org).

#### Speaker Cancellation
Unfortunate circumstances have come up and James Avery will not be able to come to MonkeySpace and speak like we had planned. His talk was "Can Mono Scale?". We tried to find a replacement, but we then decided to leave the slot open, so we could accommodate some feedback we received about the schedule. You can read more about the schedule feedback below.

#### Session Change
Igor Moochnick was originally scheduled to talk about "No fluff just lean and mean web servers and services". With the news about [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/) coming out, he asked if he could change his talk. The Monkey Square board voted and we allowed the change. Here are the details for his new talk:

> Facelift your JavaScript with TypeScript. The Big Bang theory.

> Although JavaScript is the most deployed language in the world, it has it's own quirks. While some of us got used to them, the others are still looking to create a better development experience. Now the wait is over! TypeScript is an open-source programming language that makes it easier to write cross-platform, application scale, JavaScript that runs in any browser or in any host, including NodeJS. Join us to play with TypeScript, which is a typed superset of JavaScript. You'll be amazed how well it compiles into idiomatic (normal) JavaScript. We're going to see how dramatically it can improve your productivity by enabling rich tooling experiences, all while maintaining your existing code and continuing to use the same JavaScript libraries you already love.

#### Schedule Feedback
We have received some feedback about the schedule and some competing sessions. The board has decided to modify the schedule to help alleviate the issue. The start and end times for the conference have not changed, just some of the session dates and times. We also moved a few sessions into the third day. Make sure you view the [new schedule](http://monkeyspace.org/#schedule) and make a note of the sessions you planned on attending before.