---
title: MonkeySpace Announcement - Chicago Alt.Net User Group
date: May 20, 2013
---

## MonkeySpace 2013

Hello, Dale Ragan here from [Monkey Square](http://monkeysquare.org). We contacted Eduardo Scoz and Sergio Pereira to relay the news about [MonkeySpace](http://monkeyspace.org) to make sure you don't miss out on this event. If you enjoy Alt.Net, then you're going to love MonkeySpace.

If you've never heard of MonkeySpace, here's a synopsis:

> MonkeySpace, formerly known as Monospace, is the official cross platform and open-source .NET conference. Want to learn more about developing for the iPhone, Android, Mac, and *nix platforms using .NET technologies? How about developing games or learning more about open-source projects using .NET technologies? MonkeySpace has provided an annual venue to collaborate, share, and socialize around these topics and more.

MonkeySpace 2013 will be held at [Columbia College](http://www.colum.edu/) in Chicago, IL from July 22-25. This year, we added a day to pack even more content into the conference. Come join us, we'd be happy to have you. If you're on the fence, we've released [promotional videos](http://monkeyspace.org). They capture the energy, shows how approachable people are, and communicates our mission very well! We also jump cities every year and there's no guarantees that we'll be returning to Chicago next year. If it's hard for you to attend events like this due to them being out of state, this is your chance.

The early bird price is $250 and is available until May 22. Starting May 23, the ticket price goes up to $300. The original cut off date was May 15, but we didn't get the schedule out in time due to extending the CFP by request. Therefore, we extended the early bird discount by a week, just like the CFP. We also brought back student pricing by offering tickets for $99 to any active student. You can view the process by clicking the "Ticket Information" link under the "Register Now" button.

If you've already registered, the Monkey Square team would like to thank you! We look forward in seeing you at the event, so make sure you say hi and let us know how we're doing.

## MonkeySpace Hackfest and Sub-Community Day

MonkeySpace also has a hackfest to allow open-source developers to come together and develop on their preferred projects. We did this last year and it was a huge success! This year, we're going to take it a step forward. Once the hackfest is over or if you just want to show off your project, we're going to provide space for you to do just that! Please contact us at [monkeyspace@monkeysquare.org](mailto:monkeyspace@monkeysquare.org) if you wish to participate this year.

If you're an open-source project owner and want to have a little sub-community event as well, we reserved a day for you. On Jul 26th, you can use the venue for free to continue work from the hackfest or have a sub-community get together to discuss the future of your project in one location. Please contact us at [monkeyspace@monkeysquare.org](mailto:monkeyspace@monkeysquare.org) if you wish to take advantage of this day. Also if you plan on attending, you may want to plan to stay Jul 26th as well.

## Hotel

If commuting to the event is not an option for you, we have a group rate with Renaissance Blackstone Chicago Hotel located next door to the venue. We were able to negotiate some awesome rates with the hotel and we hope you take advantage of them. With the hotel right next door to the venue and downtown on Michigan Avenue, you're not going to find a better rate, unless you're willing to commute from just outside of the city.

The room rates are as follows:

* 1 King Bed - $169/night
* 2 Queen Beds = $189/night

You can find links under [location](http://monkeyspace.org/#location) to book your room.

## Sponsoring

If you or your company is interested in sponsoring MonkeySpace, you can [view](http://monkeyspace.org/monkeyspace_sponsor_prospectus.pdf) our prospectus for more information.

## Policies

In order to ensure that MonkeySpace is a welcoming and safe conference, all attendees and speakers are expected to accept and follow our [Anti-Harassment Policy](http://monkeyspace.org/policies/). Please make sure that you respect the policy. Our goal is to create an environment suitable for learning.

## MonkeySpace 2012 Videos

In case you haven't heard, a majority of the videos from MonkeySpace 2012 have been [released](https://vimeo.com/album/2142123). They turned out awesome! Make sure you check them out if you weren't able to attend last year or haven't heard of the event before!