---
title: May 2013 Update
date: May 20, 2013
---

We have released a lot of information over the last few months about MonkeySpace. For those that do not follow the [@MonkeySquareOrg](https://twitter.com/MonkeySquareOrg) or [@MonkeySpaceConf](https://twitter.com/MonkeySpaceConf) twitter accounts, we thought it would be a good time to send an email out to get everybody updated.

## MonkeySpace 2013 Speakers and Schedule Announcement

We just announced the [speakers](http://monkeyspace.org/#speakers) and released the [schedule](http://monkeyspace.org/#schedule) for MonkeySpace 2013 and we've jam packed 50 sessions into 4 days. Every year we try to make MonkeySpace better than the previous and with this year's lineup, we believe we've done that.

If you've been waiting to register, based on the speakers and sessions, now is the time to do it. The early bird price is $250 and is available until May 22. Starting May 23, the ticket price goes up to $300. The original cut off date was May 15, but we didn't get the schedule out in time due to extending the CFP by request. Therefore, we extended the early bird discount by a week, just like the CFP. We also brought back student pricing by offering tickets for $99 to any active student. You can view the process by clicking the "Ticket Information" link under the "Register Now" button.

If you've already registered, the Monkey Square team would like to thank you! We look forward in seeing you at the event, so make sure you say hi and let us know how we're doing.

## MonkeySpace Hackfest and Sub-Community Day

MonkeySpace also has a hackfest to allow open-source developers to come together and develop on their preferred projects. We did this last year and it was a huge success! This year, we're going to take it a step forward. Once the hackfest is over or if you just want to show off your project, we're going to provide space for you to do just that! Please contact us at [monkeyspace@monkeysquare.org](mailto:monkeyspace@monkeysquare.org) if you wish to participate this year.

If you're an open-source project owner and want to have a little sub-community event as well, we reserved a day for you. On Jul 26th, you can use the venue for free to continue work from the hackfest or have a sub-community get together to discuss the future of your project in one location. Please contact us at [monkeyspace@monkeysquare.org](mailto:monkeyspace@monkeysquare.org) if you wish to take advantage of this day. Also if you plan on attending, you may want to plan to stay Jul 26th as well.

## Hotel

We have a group rate with Renaissance Blackstone Chicago Hotel located next door to the venue. We were able to negotiate some awesome rates with the hotel and we hope you take advantage of them. With the hotel right next door to the venue and downtown on Michigan Avenue, you're not going to find a better rate, unless you're willing to commute from outside of the city.

The room rates are as follows:

* 1 King Bed - $169/night
* 2 Queen Beds = $189/night

You can find links under [location](http://monkeyspace.org/#location) to book your room.

## Sponsoring

If you or your company is interested in sponsoring MonkeySpace, you can [view](http://monkeyspace.org/monkeyspace_sponsor_prospectus.pdf) our prospectus for more information.

## Policies

In order to ensure that MonkeySpace is a welcoming and safe conference, all attendees and speakers are expected to accept and follow our [Anti-Harassment Policy](http://monkeyspace.org/policies/). Please make sure that you respect the policy. Our goal is to create an environment suitable for learning.